hey how's it going guys Josh Thomas from
the bit black comm here to give you a
very quick little casual overview video
tour of the world map in Donkey Kong
Country tropical freeze on Wii U so um
here we are looking at lost mangroves
you can also go left and right I'm just
doing this to give you an idea as to how
you jump from island to island each one
obviously has its own theme so we're
gonna just go into the first one because
it's very basic I don't wanna give away
too much here now you'll notice in the
top left corner it shows me all sorts of
information like the name of the level
and it also shows me if I've gotten all
the Kong pieces and the puzzle pieces
shows me how many red balloons I have
there I've also got 318 banana coins
which is pretty impressive if you ask me
so yeah it's just a very basic overworld
map you jump around from each little
level canopy chaos but that one's pretty
chaotic now the cool thing about the
overworld map is you can find secret
exits and different ways to complete
worlds which would then unlock new
pathways so as you can see here this
weird scary banana statue area I have to
find a way to get over there and I
probably do that by beating shipwreck
Shore here differently than what I did
you've also got Funky's flying by which
is a shop run by funky Kong we'll load
this up really quick load times in the
game are a little bit longer Depp I
would say probably about 2 to 3 times
longer than the Wii game but here we go
this is funky Kong look at how freakin
furry he looks he looks amazing he's got
a bunch of stuff for sale you can you
can buy squawks and helps you find
puzzle pieces you can get the red
balloon green or blue got heart shield
and some magic potion this is pretty
cool these are new I'm using your banana
coins you can collect little toy figures
you buy capsules and then it will reward
you with one I'm just gonna buy one here
so I can buy a whole bunch of them at
once but it purchased one let's see what
it is I already had that one so you're
gonna get a lot of doubles especially
once you've started to get a pretty good
collection yeah let's let's back out of
here exit a shop
the animations are pretty great as well
there's a little bit of writing here
it's a little cute so this is the
overall map nothing we haven't seen
before but it all works pretty well I
have to say it does seem like there's
more multiple pathways than in the path
the past so the very last stereo over
here would be via the boss battle
alright guys so that is just a quick
look at the you know overworld map we
can jump into extras here really quick
just to give you a little bit more out
of this video those are the figurines we
got images just show you one or two
images pretty cool shows a concept art
and whatnot go to music and listen to
some music from the worlds dioramas I
don't have any of those I'm gonna just
check out one figurine here look at
Donkey Kong alright well there you go
guys keep it locked here to the bit
block for a whole bunch more on Donkey
Kong Country tropical freeze until then
I'll see you guys later